= lz4-ruby

Ruby bindings for {LZ4}[http://code.google.com/p/lz4/].

== Installation

    gem install lz4-ruby

== Usage

    require 'rubygems'
    require 'lz4-ruby'

    # compress (fast)
    compressed = LZ4::compress("hello, world")

    # compress (high compression)
    compressed = LZ4::compressHC("hello, world")

    # uncompress
    uncompressed = LZ4::uncompress(compressed)

== Benchmark

Tested on VirtualBox VM : 2-core / 4GB RAM (Host : Core i5-2520M / 8GB RAM).

=== {enwik8}[http://mattmahoney.net/dc/enwik8.zip]
    method  ratio(bpc)      comp.time(ms)   uncomp.time(ms)
    -------------------------------------------------------
    lz4     4.559           519.25          182.67
    snappy  4.668           1050.73         257.94
    lzo     4.279           1000.13         574.77

== TODO

* Support streaming methods.
* Support compression level (LZ4HC)
* Write API documents.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 KOMIYA Atsushi.
See LICENSE.txt for further details.

== Contributors

* {Charles Oliver Nutter}[https://github.com/headius] <headius at headius.com>
* dearblue[https://github.com/dearblue]

== About LZ4

This Rubygem includes LZ4 codes written by Yann Collet.

   LZ4 - Fast LZ compression algorithm
   Copyright (C) 2011-2012, Yann Collet.
   BSD 2-Clause License (http://www.opensource.org/licenses/bsd-license.php)

   Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
   modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
   met:

       * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
       * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
   copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
   in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
   distribution.

   THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
   "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
   LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
   A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
   OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
   SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
   LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
   DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
   THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
   (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
   OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

   You can contact the author at :
   - LZ4 homepage : http://fastcompression.blogspot.com/p/lz4.html
   - LZ4 source repository : http://code.google.com/p/lz4/
